Feature/app bar with transition (#284)
pxblue/angular-component-library: docs/ThreeLiner.md

# Three Liner

> The `<pxb-three-liner>` accepts content that can grow and shrink within the context of a `<pxb-app-bar>`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `<pxb-three-liner>` can display up to three lines of stylized text or other ng-content. It is most commonly used within the context of a `<pxb-app-bar>` where the text can grow / shrink as the App Bar is expanded and collapsed.
```

Reviewer: Can you add a link to the app bar component docs as well?

Author: You got it! The link is added now.

# Three Liner

> The `<pxb-three-liner>` can display up to three lines of stylized text or other ng-content. It is most commonly used within the context of a [`<pxb-app-bar>`](./AppBar.md) component where the text can grow / shrink as the App Bar is expanded and collapsed.

Reviewer 2: might break if you are viewing this on storybook

Author: This is working for me, if you click the link here it should redirect to the correct doc: https://pxb-storybook-ng-feature.web.app/?path=/info/components-three-liner--readme

Reviewer: That's good, because I think that's how we've been doing cross-linking for a while now :)
